simplify-governance (#67)
mimblewimble/grin-rfcs: text/0000-simplify-governance.md

1. **Empower contributors.** Make it easy for new contributors to get involved, pick up tasks, and feel responsible for some part of the project.
1. **Reduce centralization and single point of failure risk.** Avoid having all key decisions go through a single structure.

## Community-level explanation
[community-level-explanation]: #community-level-explanation

The new structure can be broken down into three areas: Scope, Teams, and Participation.

### Scope

The explicit remit of this governance structure is defined as all the repos that are organized under the GitHub organization [/mimblewimble](https://github.com/mimblewimble) along with its existing and future communities and websites. This will be referred to as "the Project" below for clarity purposes, which include among other:

- [/grin](https://github.com/mimblewimble/grin), [/grin-wallet](https://github.com/mimblewimble/grin-wallet), and [/grin-miner](https://github.com/mimblewimble/grin-miner)
- [/grin-pm](https://github.com/mimblewimble/grin-pm), [/grin-rfcs](https://github.com/mimblewimble/grin-rfcs), and [/grin-security](https://github.com/mimblewimble/grin-security)
- [https://grin.mw](https://grin.mw)

> - [https://forum.grin.mw](https://forum.grin.mw)

Reviewer: Worth adding the new docs website and repo despite the "among other"?

- Establishing different teams being responsible for funds, code repos, and direction;
- Separating consensus protocol decisions from repository decisions;
- Spending the General Fund more aggressively in order to try out new directions and ideas;
- Simplifying or removing the RFC process altogether; and
- Creating a "House of Representatives" to balance out the powers of the Core team.

Additional options include:

- Doing nothing; and
- Attempting to establish a governance process that involves the entire network, current (and future?) implementations.

The rationale for pursuing the specific approach that is outlined in this RFC is because it:

- Establishes a scope for the process, which is contained and well defined;
- Simplifies the structure significantly compared to what was before;
- Has been tried in the past in the project, with some success;
- Can be implemented easily, and does not carry much migration risk;
- Can easily be evolved further by introducing new structures and processes if and when those are mandated; and
- Is not likely to leave the project significantly worse off than before.

## Prior art
[prior-art]: #prior-art

> This replaces RFC0002 with something closer to the governance process that was in place earlier in the project's life cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This replaces RFC#0002 with something closer to the governance process that was in place earlier in the project's life cycle.
```
